The Joe Rogan experience. Well.
The right we'll do it, the right.
I mean the Q Anon things kind of a way they're doing it where they're like,
David spades got an ankle brace and on,
and he's in jail and Trump's put everyone in the house arrest,
like they're in this other thing where it's like, oh,
you guys have left the planet. And you like, so explain.
Pete to people who don't know what this QAnon Q1.
On stuff is like.
Th there is this idea that there's an intelligence dissemination operation
happening,
meaning behind the scenes high-level intelligence guys or military people are
leaking information about a shadow war that we don't really see happening.
And the shadow war involves Trump and the people on the side of lightness
battling the, you know,
these deep state pedophile cannon pedophile cannibals. Like, I don't know why,
like, I don't never understood why they have to be cannibals out of tomorrow.
They were cannibals. They're no, they're cannibals. They're eating children.
And then they get the adrenochrome and it keeps them young. Oh, that's right.
So this is all the end. Then Trump is going to war with all of them right now.
Listen, pedophilia is a big problem. They do cover up at high levels.
A hundred percent. The Epstein stuff is 100% real,
a hundred percent Clinton's on that plane. He's on that island, 26 times,
the Franklin scandal there scandals all over the world. So I'm not,
de-legitimizing like the idea of real human trafficking,
but the idea that Donald Trump is fighting human
traffickers and the human traffickers are Ellen,
who is a little wild that everyone in Hollywood's eating children and
there's tunnels under central PA. I mean, it's hard to keep up with.
And the Q drops, so to speak are like these, these, um, you know,
they're like, they're like poems or they're, they're coded information.
So it's never like, Hey, this is what's happened at these drops.
Where do you get a four Chan or something? You get them like, unfortunately,
but.
Fortune is the best place in the world.
For trolls. Well, that's what, maybe this is, this could be like,
that's what I'm saying. Yeah. It could be a title.
Nobody knows because it's bay, it has nuggets of truth, right?
Just like anything else, right? It has nuggets of very real things.
The government is shady as.
A lot of the elites are doing things engaging in pedophilia and probably worse.
Like some of those kids on Epstein's island probably did disappear.
But the idea that like that,
that Trump is fighting this underground war and it's all about human traffic.
I just don't think that's born out by the facts.
Like there's no facts to point. I mean,
Trump was like friends with the Clintons for his whole life.
Well, not only that, if Trump was doing it and not talking about it,
it would be so.
High character, like, imagine.
This one thing that is doing this, the most noble thing that he's ever.
Done ever. Right. He's the most selfless, the most important,
the majority effort, humanity. And he's not even bringing.
It up. It's just secretly winking at all the queue.
People. Well, you know, and, and so everything he does,
there's like a reason that he does it. They say like, when he wishes lame max,
where he goes, I wish her well, yeah. Now the thing is that's,
that's a rich guy. Who's forgetting he's the president.
Who's just on a TMR Lago. Cause that's how rich people talk. I mean,
that's literally, I've been around a few, like really wealthy people.
This is how they talk. When you say something bad, anything bad. If you go,
you know, you know, John's wife has cancer. You know, their kid had a,
we he's got a problem. He had a couple incidents there at Harvard.
They collect this guy. I them, well, T off that's, that's how they talk.
That's how they tell you. It's just a dismissal. It's a way to dismiss it.
But the cute people are like, oh, there's a meaning. There's hidden.
Meaning he's saying that she's and if you look at it,
Ivanka is wearing this dress. And it means, and it's just like, listen,
I'm a conspiracy guy, but this is well, the, I don't care my.
Jacket, the jacket. I don't care. Do you, is.
That what it said? I don't care. I don't really care to you, right? Yeah.
I mean, it's weird. Is this? Yeah, these are weird things. What are we doing?
So I think the Trump administration feeds the trolls. Like I think they like it.
I think he'll, by the time you lecture rolls around, he'll be like full,
full kill. Just leaning in who's who's.
Behind the scenes, pulling the strings. Is it Ivanka?
WCHR Cushner has a lot of power,
but wouldn't it be funny if it was Ivanka doing the whole thing?
She's the one like stroking her chin. Like she's the boss.
What is the nugget we released next? Right?
She's she's cute. She's the.
Smart one. Who's like, how do we, how do we, yeah, she's the pretty daughter.
Everybody dismisses her. I mean, nobody takes her, right?
She's the background and the whole show. Q black leather gloves on.
The elbow. Like the inspector gadget hand. You just hear hand typing.
Unfortunate send, send. Yeah. I don't, I don't know, man. You know,
Steve Bannon said something and there was a documentary about arrow arrow.
Morris made a documentary about Steve Bannon's.
He backed into this very interesting thing. He said, you know,
there's a guy out there. Who's got a horrible life. Like he's divorced.
His kids. Don't like him. He has a job.
But when he plays like league league of legends or world of Warcraft,
one of these games, he's a hero. And when he dies in real life,
nobody really cares what, when he dies in the game.
So many people come out and they like, they, you know, they show them respect.
Cause you're playing with people from all over the world. So band is like,
which, which life is the real life. So which of course,
it's the real one that you're living, not this fantasy game,
but I think the Q Anon thing, I think the Trump administration is like, yeah,
let people believe they're hunting pedophiles online. It gives their lives.
Meaning like let these people believe. They're like hunting the Clintons.
It's like fun. It's like a fun video game for them.
And then they don't have to ask why they don't have health insurance and can't
get a knee operation.
I don't think that it's that involved.
I think it's just a thing that's happening that happens to fit in with human
nature. That's probably true too. Yeah.
Like I don't believe that the Trump administration has the resources to do that,
but still, I mean, they would have to be so 4d chess. They would,
they would really have to.
I think they may like encourage you to, well,
I think they may just pour a little gasoline on it. Maybe. Why not?
They think that's their base. They're like, why not? They're having fun.
Go as a Trump rally. You want a little fun? Oh, for sure.
Yeah. Yeah. It's the things that he does that are mistakes.
Like these, these interviews that he does, where he he'll argue about,
like he'll, he'll argue about how well they're doing or what, you know,
what's wrong or what he got right. Or what his IQ is or how well he did at this,
uh, intelligence test. Like anybody's playing like 3d chess.
Not going to do that.
No, no. He's not playing any chess,
like instinct he's he's riffing. And we've said it before.
I've said it on the show before. It's like, it's amazing to watch a guy get up.
No material, anxious, crush. I mean,
just he's really going by instinct. He's perfect.
He's perfectly suited for this era. Yeah. Because he's like,
he he's hypnotizing. Like if you start listening to him, he can't stop. Like,
I'll try to watch one, five minute clip of an interview.
I end up watching the whole hour. Yeah. Because he's like,
there's a hypnotic thing that's going on where he just is up and down and you
just, you can't not listen.